c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.main.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.vbproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\bin\Debug\kbc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.main.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\kbc\kbc\obj\Debug\kbc.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
